Modify qchem functions to separately take the atomic symbols and coordinates (#1078)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: qchem/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Improvements</h3>

> * Updates `PennyLane-QChem` functions to separately take as input the

Reviewer: Suggest removing mention of `PennyLane-QChem`, and instead listing the functions that have changed with bullet points :)

Reviewer: The changelog is a good place to provide all the fine-grained detail. Imagine a user reading *just* the changelog - you'll want them to be able to walk away knowing what changes they'll need to make to their code.

<h3>Improvements</h3>

* The molecular geometry is now stored by a list containing the atomic symbols and
  a 1D array with the atomic positions in Cartesian coordinates.

  - The ``read_structure`` function returns a list with the symbols of the atoms and
    the array with the atomic positions. 

  - The ``meanfield`` and ``molecular_hamiltonian`` functions takes separately the
    list of atomic symbols and the array with the atomic coordinates.

  - Labelling the molecule is now optional as we have made ``name`` a keyword argument
    in the ``meanfield`` and ``molecular_hamiltonian`` functions.

    For example:

    ```pycon
    >>> symbols, coordinates = (['H', 'H'], np.array([ 0., 0., -0.35, 0., 0., 0.35]))
    >>> H, qubits = qml.qchem.molecular_hamiltonian(symbols, coordinates)
    ```
  This allows users to more easily build parametrized electronic Hamiltonians

>   [(#1078)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1078)

Reviewer: much better! 💯

>   This allows users to more easily build parametrized electronic Hamiltonians
>   [(#1078)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1078)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  This allows users to more easily build parametrized electronic Hamiltonians
  [(#1078)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1078)
```

<h3>Improvements</h3>

* The molecular geometry is now stored by a list containing the atomic symbols and
  a 1D array with the atomic positions in Cartesian coordinates.

  - The ``read_structure`` function returns a list with the symbols of the atoms and
    the array with the atomic positions. 

  - The ``meanfield`` and ``molecular_hamiltonian`` functions takes separately the
    list of atomic symbols and the array with the atomic coordinates.

>   - Labeling the molecule is now optional as we have made ``name`` a keyword argument
>     in ``meanfield`` and ``molecular_hamiltonian`` functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Labelling the molecule is now optional as we have made ``name`` a keyword argument
    in the ``meanfield`` and ``molecular_hamiltonian`` functions.
```

    For example:

    ```pycon
    >>> symbols, coordinates = (['H', 'H'], np.array([ 0., 0., -0.35, 0., 0., 0.35]))
    >>> H, qubits = qml.qchem.molecular_hamiltonian(symbols, coordinates)
    ```

>   This allows users to build parametrized electronic Hamiltonians to perform 
>   optimization of the energy with respect to the Hamiltonian parameters.
>   [(#1078)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1078)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This allows users to more easily build parametrized electronic Hamiltonians
  [(#1078)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1078)
```

<h3>Improvements</h3>

* The molecular geometry is now stored by a list containing the atomic symbols and
  a 1D array with the position of the atoms in atomic units.

  - The ``read_structure`` function returns a list with the symbols of the atoms and

>     the array with the atomic positions. The size of the array should be ``3*N`` where
>     ``N`` is the number of atoms. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    the array with the atomic positions. 
```
